refactor(buttons): use common props types and tests (#2234)
pankod/refine: .changeset/sweet-ducks-look.md

---
"@pankod/refine-antd": patch
"@pankod/refine-mui": patch
---

> Added `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` and `@pankod/refine-ui-types` packages. Now, all of button prop types comes from `@pankod/refine-ui-types` package and all of button tests comes from `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` and `@pankod/refine-ui-types` packages. Now, all of the button prop types come from the `@pankod/refine-ui-types` package and all the button tests come from the `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` package.
```

> Thus, button types and tests are managed by `@pankod/refine-ui-types` package and `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, button types and tests are managed by the `@pankod/refine-ui-types` package and the `@pankod/refine-ui-tests` package.
```
